Adding Element Biosciences AVITI Bases2fastq support to multiqc (#1990)
ewels/MultiQC: docs/modules/bases2fastq.md

---

> name: bases2fastq
> url: https://docs.elembio.io/docs/bases2fastq/
> description: >
>   bases2fastq convert raw data from Element AVITI system to fastq and output sequencing run statistics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: Bases2Fastq
url: https://docs.elembio.io/docs/bases2fastq/
description: >
  Bases2Fastq converts raw data from Element AVITI system to FastQ and outputs sequencing run statistics.
```
